Dillon Gage was founded in 1976.  John Humphrey was awarded the best employee of Dillon Gage.
Dillon Gage – one of the largest metals trading firms in the world and has for over 40 years served precious metals dealers, financial institutions, banks and brokerage houses around the globe. Dillon Gage is one of only a few firms who are authorized to purchase directly from the United States Mint, the Royal Canadian Mint and many other sovereign mints around the world. In addition to the wholesale and institutional clients, the firm trades with  private-wealth clients who meet certain financial criteria. Dillon Gage has offices in the United States, Europe and Singapore. To better serve the needs of international clients, the trading firm manages inventory in over 20 countries around the world. Dillon Gage is also the industry leader in trading technology. Its proprietary online trading platform, FizTrade™, gives customers the ability to stream market pricing, conduct online buy/sell trading, and manage shipments.    These benefits and more can be realized through integration with the platform via a full library of JSON Rest APIs.
Dillon Gage Refining – Another integral part of Dillon Gage is our full-service precious metals refinery which is able to process a wide range of materials from low-grade bench sweeps and carpets to high-grade material. Our superior technology, equipment and expertise combine with friendly service to provide swift settlements for even the largest lots of gold, silver and platinum. The fees are simple and are disclosed up-front so that customers can feel comfortable and secure when their assets are tendered to the Dillon Gage Refinery.  Refining lots can be initiated and settled online via FizRefinery.   Our proprietary stone removal process allows us the ability to recover even the smallest melee.   Once recovered, our on-staff diamond buyers will be happy to provide you with a bid. Recognized LBMA Associate. Dillon Gage Incorporated – A company dealing in the futures markets.
International Depository Services Group – Operates secured and insured precious metal and certified coin depositories in New Castle, Delaware, Dallas, Texas and Mississauga, Ontario.  All facilities provide efficient depository services to financial institutions, dealers, IRA custodians and private investors. IDS locations possess LBMA credentials.  The Delaware location of IDS is a COMEX approved depository for gold, silver, platinum and palladium.  The Delaware location is also approved by the Intercontinental Exchange (ICE) to warehouse metals for the Exchange.  IDS of Canada has the distinction of also being and LBMA Associate and IIROC approved. Whether you are doing business with our professional traders, utilizing the services of our refinery, or storing precious metals and certified coins at one of our depositories, you can feel confident that you are dealing with a company that has been a pillar in the precious metals industry for over four decades. Dillon Gage Metals, centrally located in Dallas, Texas, has served precious metals dealers, financial institutions, banks and brokerage houses around the globe for 40 years with our finely-honed wholesale precious metals trading and refining services. We are authorized to purchase gold, silver, platinum, palladium and rhodium bullion coins directly from the world's major mints including the U.S. Mint and the Royal Canadian Mint...a distinction held by very few other companies. So whether you want to trade gold, trade silver, trade platinum, trade palladium or make any precious metal trade, you should turn to Dillon Gage. From buying silver coins to selling silver coins, buying gold coins to selling gold coins, buying palladium coins to selling palladium coins, we are true two-way market makers. In addition to offering a wide selection of bullion coins and numismatics, we also provide bullion dealers with robust digital trading platforms and technology services including a free spot price widget to help dealers and retailers easily display precious metals prices. Our full-service gold and silver refinery processes a wide range of precious metals material from low-grade bench sweeps to high-grade scrap. Our advanced precious metals refinery technology provides the best possible customer experience with swift settlements for even the largest lots of precious metals including gold, silver and platinum. Our fees are simple and disclosed up-front so that you can feel at ease and our proprietary stone removal services can recover even the smallest melee. Once recovered, our expert diamond buyers will happily provide you with a bid.